a pretext to this guide is that I'm a
little bit sick and I'm just trying to
get a guide out these guys so uh yeah I
kind of ignore that I feel kind of sick
and I saw in horrible so yeah hey
everyone what's up this is scrap
computer here this is going to be a very
quick list guide below is the list of
all of the champions that have abilities
that can be considered a knock up free
SEO ultimate and will work with it I
hear a ton of theories in general does
that work with this use ultimate does
that count as a knock up well here it's
all cleared up below I put a picture of
this in the description so you can
download it as well the rest of the
video will be covering all of the
abilities on the champions so you can
leave noise as you've got the list or
you can watch on to know the exact
abilities I'll be going through them
quickly so try to keep up a Naevia's w
aatrox is key allister's key and w Azir
e and his ultimate blitz is CUNY Brahms
ultimate Tchaikovsky deressa see Dianna
C driven Z fizzes ultimate Norris
ultimate Krakus is e and ultimate
hecarim see Jana's key and ultimate
jarvan's EQ combo giasses E in hammer
stance lee sin's ultimate Lulu's
ultimate malphite's ultimate maokai ski
Nami's key and ultimate Nautilus is
Killian ultimate or Yama's ultimate
Poppy's e Quincy ramus is Q R Evans
third King sejuani ski savannas are
sings a syndra's he thrashes qian a
tristana's ultimate trundles e viens a
Val causes a vise q an ultimate
beliebers
we combs ultimate exams oh I still can't
pronounce that key and ultimate yes use
third key obviously Zach's Ian's
ultimate zigs w and finally Sarah's
ultimate and that's it for the list guys
okay update you should all join my
facebook the reason being is I'm going
to start releasing Facebook stuff one
day early on Facebook my videos as
unlisted the reason being is if I make a
big mistake
only these hardcore scrap computer
people will spot it and I can fix it and
in addition anyone is on the Facebook
also gets to see it early so it's good
all around and that's finally it if you
like it like it if you dislike it
dislike it if you like me subscribe and
if you're getting annoyed at the small
guides you can unsubscribe
although the big ones are still coming
it's just I'm second of to be honest I
had all of the energy but they will be
coming uh-huh if you know anyone that
plays Yasuo or has asked this question a
million times does that work with the
asuma's ultimate then you can send it to
them and share it as it helps me out and
have an absolutely great game guys and
cubicle